four o'clock in the afternoon
Kaitlyn's been in labor on and off for
the last five hours we've just finished
a period where there's a couple of hours
of not really much activity she's just
getting to the point now where she's
having some pretty regular and strong
contractions Kaitlyn is entering the
advanced stages of labor
[Music]
puppy curry and when she has a
contraction
stop to imagine this is the amniotic sac
which means there's a cub on the way
cover the sac just burst around it you
can see your face
[Music]
here we go
[Applause]
[Music]
the sensation of Caitlyn's licking
should trigger the Cubs lungs to start
working its gasp three times but it's
not breathing properly it's been two
minutes and although the Cubs made some
weak attempts it still hasn't started
breathing properly yeah
these gasps its gasping it's not it's
not breathing
I cants bringing was to three breasts
for good girl did say well do very well
so they come just made its first-ever
noise a little squeal out to my mum
wants my mum looked surprised if
anything beautiful in a minute overcome
that's incredible isn't it
my heart was in my mouth there's a good
girl
for first time when she doing an amazing
job and it's really hard just to sit
back here and let her get on with it
I just don't have contractions in
preparation for the second one to arrive
well done good girl doing so well good
girl good girl
this one's come here kicking and
screaming good girl it's not absolutely
amazing absolutely amazing
it's two males and Kaitlyn's allowing
Giles to share in the moment ones up and
about
[Music]
you